Added dev trace output section to Java observability page (#2753)
cap-js/docs: java/operating-applications/observability.md

```

#### Dev Trace Output { #dev-trace-output }

In non-production profiles, CAP Java automatically logs completed request traces as indented timing trees to the console. This gives immediate visibility into which services, handlers, and database queries contribute to request latency — without any external tooling or agent setup.

::: tip
This feature is auto-enabled in development and disabled when the OpenTelemetry Java Agent is detected or in production profiles. No dependencies or JVM flags are required.
:::

##### Example Output

A request to `GET /odata/v4/CatalogService/Books` produces:

```log
elapsed times (trace 4a1f7b2c...):
     0.00 →   26.34 =   26.34 ms  RequestContext 1  [tenant=t1]
     0.12 →   25.89 =   25.77 ms    CatalogService (READ)  [entity=Books]
     1.45 →   24.20 =   22.75 ms      PersistenceService (READ)
     2.10 →   23.80 =   21.70 ms        CQN SELECT CatalogService.Books
```

##### Configuration

> The feature is controlled by `cds.telemetry.dev-output.enabled`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The feature is controlled by <Config java>cds.telemetry.dev-output.enabled</Config>:
```

| Value | Behavior |
|-------|----------|
| _not set_ | Auto-enabled in non-production when no OTel agent is detected |
| `true` | Enabled (unless OTel agent is present) |
| `false` | Disabled |

To suppress the trace output via log level instead:

```properties
logging.level.com.sap.cds.telemetry=WARN
```

##### Relationship to the OpenTelemetry Java Agent

The dev trace output and the [OpenTelemetry Java Agent](#agent-extension) serve complementary purposes:

| | Dev Trace Output | OpenTelemetry Java Agent |
|---|---|---|
| **Use case** | Local development | Production observability |
| **Setup** | Zero config | Agent JAR + exporter config |
| **Span level** | CAP services, handlers, CQN | JVM frameworks (Spring MVC, JDBC) |
| **Output** | Console log | Jaeger, Dynatrace, Cloud Logging |

> When the OpenTelemetry Java Agent is detected at startup, the dev trace output automatically backs off to avoid conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the OpenTelemetry Java Agent is detected at startup, the dev trace output is automatically disabled to avoid conflicts.
```

```

#### Dev Trace Output { #dev-trace-output }

In non-production profiles, CAP Java automatically logs completed request traces as indented timing trees to the console. This gives immediate visibility into which services, handlers, and database queries contribute to request latency — without any external tooling or agent setup.

::: tip
This feature is auto-enabled in development and disabled when the OpenTelemetry Java Agent is detected or in production profiles. No dependencies or JVM flags are required.
:::

##### Example Output

A request to `GET /odata/v4/CatalogService/Books` produces:

```log
elapsed times (trace 4a1f7b2c...):
     0.00 →   26.34 =   26.34 ms  RequestContext 1  [tenant=t1]
     0.12 →   25.89 =   25.77 ms    CatalogService (READ)  [entity=Books]
     1.45 →   24.20 =   22.75 ms      PersistenceService (READ)
     2.10 →   23.80 =   21.70 ms        CQN SELECT CatalogService.Books
```

> Each line shows:

Reviewer 2: I think the log output is pretty much self explaining so that we could remove the following table.

Author: I agree with you that it should be self-explanatory. But I also think it doesn't hurt to explain it explicitly to remove any doubts readers might have.

Reviewer 3: +1

Author: @rjayasinghe: +1 on removing the table or on keeping it?

Reviewer 3: rather removing it.
